Update Data Prepper copy-values processor docs (#8586)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/copy-values.md

```yaml
...
  processor:
    - copy_values:
        entries:
          - from_key: "message1"
            to_key: "message2"
            overwrite_if_to_key_exists: true
          - from_key: "message1"
            to_key: "message3"
...
```
{% include copy.html %}

When the input event contains the following data:

```json
{"message1": "hello", "message2": "bye"}
```

The processor will copy "message1" to both "message2" and "message3", overwriting the existing value in "message2". The processed event will contain the following data:

```json
{"message1": "hello", "message2": "hello", "message3": "hello"}
```

### Example: Selectively copy values between two lists of objects

The following example shows you how to configure the processor to copy values between lists:

```yaml
...
  processor:
    - copy_values:
        from_list: mylist
        to_list: newlist
        entries:
          - from_key: name
            to_key: fruit_name
...
```
{% include copy.html %}

When the input event contains the following data:

```json
{
  "mylist": [
    {"name": "apple", "color": "red"},
    {"name": "orange", "color": "orange"}
  ]
}
```

> The processed event will contain "newlist" with selectively copied fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The processed event contains `newlist` with selectively copied fields:
```

You can configure the `copy_values` processor with the following options.

| Option | Required | Type | Description |
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---

> | `entries` | Yes | [entry](#entry) | A list of entries to be copied in an event. See [entry](#entry) for details. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `entries` | Yes | [entry](#entry) | A list of entries to be copied in an event. See [entry](#entry) for more information. |
```

> | `from_list` | No | String | The key of the list of objects to be copied. |

Reviewer 2: The key "for"?

> | `from_list` | No | String | The key of the list of objects to be copied. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `from_list` | No | String | The key for the list of objects to be copied. |
```

> | `to_list` | No | String | The key of the new list to be added. |

Reviewer 2: The key "for"?

> | `to_list` | No | String | The key of the new list to be added. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `to_list` | No | String | The key for the new list to be added. |
```

| `overwrite_if_to_list_exists` | No | Boolean | When set to `true`, the existing value is overwritten if the `key` specified by `to_list` already exists in the event. Default is `false`. |

## entry

For each entry, you can configure the following options.

| Option | Required | Type | Description |
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---

> | `from_key` | Yes | String | The key of the entry to be copied. |

Reviewer 2: The key "for"?

> | `from_key` | Yes | String | The key of the entry to be copied. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `from_key` | Yes | String | The key for the entry to be copied. |
```

> | `to_key` | Yes | String | The key of the new entry to be added. |

Reviewer 2: The key "for"?

> | `to_key` | Yes | String | The key of the new entry to be added. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `to_key` | Yes | String | The key for the new entry to be added. |
```

> | `overwrite_if_to_key_exists` | No | Boolean | When set to `true`, the existing value is overwritten if `key` already exists in the event. Default is `false`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `overwrite_if_to_key_exists` | No | Boolean | When set to `true`, the existing value is overwritten if the `key` already exists in the event. Default is `false`. |
```

## Usage

> The following examples show how the `copy_values` processor can be used in different cases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following examples show you how to use the `copy_values` processor.
```

### Example: Copy values and skip existing fields

> The following example shows you how to configure the processor to copy values and not overwrite existing fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows you how to configure the processor to copy values and skip existing fields:
```

> The following example shows you how to configure the processor to copy values and not overwrite existing fields:

Reviewer 2: Should "and not overwrite" be "and skip" to match the heading?

```yaml
...
  processor:
    - copy_values:
        entries:
          - from_key: "message1"
            to_key: "message2"
            overwrite_if_to_key_exists: true
          - from_key: "message1"
            to_key: "message3"
...
```
{% include copy.html %}

When the input event contains the following data:

```json
{"message1": "hello", "message2": "bye"}
```

The processor copies "message1" to both "message2" and "message3", overwriting the existing value in "message2". The processed event contains the following data:

```json
{"message1": "hello", "message2": "hello", "message3": "hello"}
```

### Example: Selectively copy values between two lists of objects

The following example shows you how to configure the processor to copy values between lists:

```yaml
...
  processor:
    - copy_values:
        from_list: mylist
        to_list: newlist
        entries:
          - from_key: name
            to_key: fruit_name
...
```
{% include copy.html %}

When the input event contains the following data:

```json
{
  "mylist": [
    {"name": "apple", "color": "red"},
    {"name": "orange", "color": "orange"}
  ]
}
```

> The processed event contains "newlist" with selectively copied fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The processed event contains `newlist` with selectively copied fields:
```

> The processed event contains `newlist` with selectively copied fields:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The processed event contains a `newlist` with selectively copied fields:
```
